W-22314871-ImplementPMReview-EBM (#438)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/exp-portfolio-overview.adoc

= View Your Portfolio Overview

> Use portfolio-level views to see how your agents, APIs, MCP servers, LLM proxies, and gateways fit together before you drill into a single service. After: These summaries help you spot gaps in registration, policy coverage, and health signals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use portfolio-level views to see how your agents, APIs, MCP servers, LLM proxies, and gateways fit together before you drill into a single service. These summaries help you spot gaps in registration, policy coverage, and health signals.
```

* *Home*
+

> After login, *Home* shows an overview of services discovered, consumed, and governed, a list of scanners, and actions to add a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you log in, *Home* shows an overview of services discovered, consumed, and governed, as well as a list of scanners and actions to add a service.
```
